[IMP] localization_austria: introducing fiskaly for austria (#13705)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/fiscal_localizations/austria.rst

- :guilabel:`Address`:

  - :guilabel:`Street`
  - :guilabel:`City`
  - :guilabel:`State`
  - :guilabel:`ZIP`
  - :guilabel:`Country`

- :guilabel:`VAT`

You are about to register your company at fiskaly, to do so open the **Fiskaly** tab of the company.
You will find a toggle labeled **Managed by Odoo**.
If you wish to use the Fiskaly service through Odoo, you need to enable this option.
Enabling it allows Odoo to manage the Fiskaly integration on your behalf.

If you already have a Fiskaly account and prefer to use your own credentials, you can disable this
toggle and configure your existing Fiskaly credentials manually.

  .. image:: austria/management-toggle.png
    :alt: Management toggle

For testing purposes, you should make sure to use the Test Mode. This allows you to test the
integration without affecting the production server. By default, Test Mode is enabled, so don’t forget to
disable it before going live in production. You can toggle this setting in the :guilabel:`Fiskaly` tab on the
company form by switching off the Test Mode option.

.. important::
   Once you authenticate your credentials, you can change neither the **Management Option** nor **Mode of operation**

>    of the company.

Author: Since users won’t be able to change those toggles after clicking Generate Credentials, I thought we should highlight that step before guiding them to generate the credentials but I’m not sure.
What would you suggest?

     the orders.
   - You can find this action in the :guilabel:`Point of Sale` app under the
      :guilabel:`Orders` menu.

   .. image:: austria/sign-order-action.png
      :alt: Sign orders action

DEP7 export
~~~~~~~~~~~

The exported :abbr:`DEP7 (Digitale Schnittstelle der Finanzverwaltung für Kassensysteme)`
file allows authorities to verify transactions and ensure compliance with anti-fraud measures.
Businesses must periodically export the DEP7 data for audits and submit it to the austrian
tax authorities upon request.

You can export the data by going to :menuselection:`Point of
Sale --> Reporting --> DEP7 Reports`.

These fields are mandatory:

- :guilabel:`Start Datetime`: export data with dates larger than or equal to the given start date
- :guilabel:`End Datetime`: export data with dates smaller than or equal to the given end date

Specify the :guilabel:`Point of Sale` field with all your points of sale you want to export data for.
You will then be able to donload a PDF file with the DEP7 data.

.. image:: austria/dep7-reports.png
   :alt: DEP7 Reports

Monthly / Yearly Closing Receipts
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If you need any specific **Monthly Closing Receipt** or **Yearly Closing Receipt** of any perticular
> cash register (config), you can go to any open session of that config and print receipts by clicking
> **Monthly / Yearly Receipts** under dropdown menu of navigation bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To print :guilabel:`Monthly/Yearly closing receipt`, :ref:`start a session <pos/session-start>` from
the **POS dashboard** and click :guilabel`Open Register` on the related point of sale. Click the 
:icon:`oi-view-list` icon in the top-right corner and select :guilabel:`Montly/Yearly Receipts`.
```

> By default :guilabel:`last month` will be selected which you can change and based on radio button
> selectionyou can print **Monthly** or **Yearly** closing receipts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the :guilabel:`Print closing receipts` window, the last month is selected by default. To change 
it,  select :guilabel:`Monthly` or :guilabel:`Yearly`, then click the :icon:` fa-calendar-o` icon to
select the desired month/year.
```

> .. image:: austria/closing-receipts.png
>    :alt: Closing Receipts

Reviewer: I don't think this image adds any additional information.
```suggestion
```
